readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="rezzy.png" width="500">
</p>

# gulp-rezzy
[![latest version on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/gulp-rezzy)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-rezzy) [![npm downloads a month](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/gulp-rezzy)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-rezzy) [![required node version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/gulp-rezzy)](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) [![dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/rbnlffl/gulp-rezzy)](https://david-dm.org/robinloeffel/gulp-rezzy) [![package license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/gulp-rezzy)](license)

> The incredibly fast image resizer for [gulp](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp). ⚡️

## What
`gulp-rezzy` enables you to resize your images and then pipe each and every newly created version version of it into your stream. This allows you to only have one big background image asset in your source directory and then generate several smaller versions of it for all your responsiveness needs automatically. No more Photoshop for you, my friend!

## How
```bash
yarn add gulp-rezzy
```

```js
const gulp = require('gulp');
const rezzy = require('gulp-rezzy');

gulp.task('images', () => {
    return gulp.src('src/img/*')
        .pipe(rezzy([{
            width: 500,
            suffix: '-500w'
        }, {
            height: 1000,
            suffix: '-1000h'
        }, {
            width: 400,
            height: 300,
            suffix: '-400x300'
        }]))
        .pipe(gulp.dest('dist/img'))
});
```

You can configure `gulp-rezzy` by passing in an array of objects containing your configs.

```js
const config = {
    width: 400, // width in px
    height: 200, // height in px
    suffix: '-small' // string to prepend the file extension
};
```

`width` and `height` are optional. If none of them are supplied, there'll be no resizing. If one of them is present, the image will be transformed accordingly, preserving the aspect ratio. If both are present, the image will be resized and cropped to those exact dimensions. `suffix` is always required. If no configuration gets passed, no transformations will be made.

This plugin works perfectly in tandem with [gulp-imagemin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gulp-imagemin) and [gulp-webp](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gulp-webp).

## Thanks
This plugin makes strong use of [sharp](https://github.com/lovell/sharp) under the hood. Big props to them! Other than that: Shoutout to [chalk](https://github.com/chalk/chalk), and of course the [gulp team](https://github.com/gulpjs) for [gulp](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp), [fancy-log](https://github.com/gulpjs/fancy-log), [plugin-error](https://github.com/gulpjs/plugin-error) and [vinyl](https://github.com/gulpjs/vinyl)! Special thanks go out to [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus) for getting me on the right track in regards to writing a gulp plugin!

## License
MIT

Commit message:

introduce `fit` and `position` options

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="rezzy.png" width="500">
</p>

# gulp-rezzy
[![latest version on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/gulp-rezzy)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-rezzy) [![npm downloads a month](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/gulp-rezzy)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-rezzy) [![required node version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/gulp-rezzy)](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) [![dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/rbnlffl/gulp-rezzy)](https://david-dm.org/robinloeffel/gulp-rezzy) [![package license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/gulp-rezzy)](license)

> The incredibly fast image resizer for [gulp](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp). ⚡️

## What
`gulp-rezzy` enables you to resize your images and then pipe each and every newly created version version of it into your stream. This allows you to only have one big background image asset in your source directory and then generate several smaller versions of it for all your responsiveness needs automatically. No more Photoshop for you, my friend!

This plugin works perfectly in tandem with [gulp-imagemin](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gulp-imagemin) and [gulp-webp](https://github.com/sindresorhus/gulp-webp).

## How
```bash
yarn add gulp-rezzy
```

```js
const gulp = require('gulp');
const rezzy = require('gulp-rezzy');

gulp.task('images', () => {
    return gulp.src('src/img/*')
        .pipe(rezzy([{
            width: 500,
            suffix: '-500w'
        }, {
            height: 1000,
            suffix: '-1000h'
        }, {
            width: 400,
            height: 300,
            suffix: '-400x300'
        }, {
            width: 400,
            height: 300,
            position: 'entropy',
            suffix: '-entropy'
        }]))
        .pipe(gulp.dest('dist/img'));
});
```

You can configure `gulp-rezzy` by passing in an array of objects containing your configs.

```js
const config = {
    width: 400, // width in px
    height: 200, // height in px
    fit: 'cover', // how the image should fit inside the specified dimensions
    position: 'attention', // what or where to focus on when cropping is necessary
    suffix: '-small' // string to prepend the file extension
};
```

`width` and `height` are optional. If none of them are supplied, there'll be no resizing. If one of them is present, the image will be transformed accordingly, preserving the aspect ratio. If both are present, the image will be resized and cropped to those exact dimensions. `suffix` is always required. If no configuration gets passed, no transformations will be made.

You can see all available options for `fit` and `position` in the [sharp documentation](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-resize#resize). They get passed right through to it.

## Thanks
This plugin makes strong use of [sharp](https://github.com/lovell/sharp) under the hood. Big props to them! Other than that: Shoutout to [chalk](https://github.com/chalk/chalk), and of course the [gulp team](https://github.com/gulpjs) for [gulp](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp), [fancy-log](https://github.com/gulpjs/fancy-log), [plugin-error](https://github.com/gulpjs/plugin-error) and [vinyl](https://github.com/gulpjs/vinyl)! Special thanks go out to [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus) for getting me on the right track in regards to writing a gulp plugin!

## License
MIT
